Bonds edit (#5)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: bonds.md

\*\*\*\*

> # Bonds

Reviewer: I think the contents got mixed up. The section below is from ./using-the-website/bonds.md

> # Bonds

Author: kschan6, the text is from ./using-the-website/bonds.md
Should they be different?

> # Bonds

Reviewer: I think so. bonds.md is like a general introduction, while ./using-the-website/bonds.md is much more a step-by-step guide.

> # Bonds

Author: Ok, how do I retrace my steps?

> # Bonds

Reviewer 2: I think you just edit the files in your PRs. When you know which content you prefer you just move it over and push your changes.

> Bonds allow users to buy OHM from the protocol by trading it for DAI or previously staked liquidity \(SLP Tokens\). Bonds are sold at a discount and take roughly 15 epochs to vest (ca 5 days); 

Reviewer 2: One decision we may want to make is if we want to use the term SLP or LP. I would prefer LP since SLP is provider specific, in this case Sushiswap. So in the future we may have different LP and I would like to not rewrite the docs again later due to such an extension. 

```suggestion
Bonds allow users to buy OHM from the protocol for a pre-determined price, by trading it for DAI or LP Tokens. Bonds are sold at a discount and take roughly 15 epochs (5 days) to vest linearly. 
```

> Bonds allow users to buy OHM from the protocol by trading it for DAI or previously staked liquidity \(SLP Tokens\). Bonds are sold at a discount and take roughly 15 epochs to vest (ca 5 days); 

Reviewer: > I also asked this in Discord, do we have consensus on using cash tags when referring to $OHM and $DAI? Sometimes we write $OHM and sometimes we write OHM. Should we get this streamlined?

I checked some of the Olympus medium posts, they use OHM, DAI, etc. without the cash tag. So I think we can remove the use of cash tag from now on.

> Bonds allow users to buy OHM from the protocol by trading it for DAI or previously staked liquidity \(SLP Tokens\). Bonds are sold at a discount and take roughly 15 epochs to vest (ca 5 days); 

Reviewer: > One decision we may want to make is if we want to use the term SLP or LP. I would prefer LP since SLP is provider specific, in this case Sushiswap. So in the future we may have different LP and I would like to not rewrite the docs again later due to such an extension.

In this context, we can use LP instead of SLP as you suggested because this is an intro section. But in the next section ("How to Bond"), it makes sense to use SLP as we are referring to Sushiswap LP token specifically. So I guess we can switch between LP and SLP depending on context, what do you think?

> Bonds allow users to buy OHM from the protocol by trading it for DAI or previously staked liquidity \(SLP Tokens\). Bonds are sold at a discount and take roughly 15 epochs to vest (ca 5 days); 

Reviewer 2: Makes sense.
